---
title: 'Relevant Projects'
# date: 2012-08-14
tags:
  - AI Related Projects
  - Explainable AI
  - Data Analysis
---
List of relevant projects:
- **AI in the paediatric intensive care unit (started 15 th Nov. 2021 30 th Dec.2023)2023**: We are focusing on predicting organ dysfunction using PICU data. These are, for example, vital signs such as heart rate, laboratory values such as the number of leucocytes in the blood or patient data such as age .
We applied multiple rounds of data analysis, visualization, and
maintenance on the dataset with a collaboration with medical doctors to
create high quality clinical data. Then, we train machine learning models
to build predictions. During this project, we encountered with multiple
challenges such as high level of missing values, imbalanced data, and
limited data, black box models; we applied different methods to tackle
them such as data imputation, masking, explainable algorithm, and
include more patients’ data.

- **Explainable AI for neural time series black box models** (started 1 5th Jan.
202 3 20 th Oct . 2023): WWe introduce a framework for explaining decisions of any time series classification model. Our proposed framework utilizes a parameterized model for mask generation. Its effectiveness is demonstrated through experiments over real-world datasets and time series classification models. Our framework is also computationally efficient and can be deployed in conjunction with any time series classification model.
Possible future work of our proposed algorithm is to study the temporal
dependency of multiple variables and analy ze time steps regularity vs
irr egularity and provide reliable AI predictions with an accurate
interpretation
Working platform is
Pytorch . The code will be publicly available as soon
as the submission gets accepted at the conference.

- Additionally, I contributed to developing deep learning models for
a**utomated Heart Sounds Analysis** and our proposed Deep Neural Network (DNN) architecture is adapted to the well-known Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and ResNet neural networks. The working platform was Pytorch